= Dejour

Discover awesome services near you.

== Installation

  sudo gem install dnssd
  sudo gem install ruby-growl
  sudo gem install aaronp-dejour --source=http://gems.github.com
  
== Usage

  $ dejour

Then watch the growl notifications fly!

== Setup Growl

From ruby-growl help:
	
<blockquote>First you need to enable "Listen for incoming notifications" and "Allow remote application registration" on the Network tab of the Growl Preference Panel to send Growl Notifications from ruby-growl.</blockquote>

== YOU CAN HAS NOTIFICATIONS

Of new services on the network.  dejour looks for pastejour and gitjour
services by default.

== License

Copyright (c) 2008 Aaron Patterson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
